ayuh tired of trying to predict
seemingly unpredictable stock prices do
you have trouble recognizing any
patterns in the constant random
up-and-down moves are you bored from
only having two possibilities to make
money with the stocks you can only
predict the move up or move down and
that's about it
are you tired of very capital extensive
stocks that have very little profit
potential if you answered yes to one of
these questions I want to ask you one
last question have you ever heard of
options options are a specific kind of
derivative in trading derivatives are
special because their pricing is not
controlled by themselves but by other
things what I mean with that is that an
option or other derivative is linked to
an underlying asset which controls the
options price this underlying asset can
be almost anything it can be a stock an
ETF commodity in index or something else
nowadays you can trade options on almost
anything for example you can trade
options on app for Google spui gold
Netflix and many other securities with
options it can profit from small moves
in all these big-name stocks without
even owning them this is because options
use something called leverage some how
many people think that options are very
complicated and hard to understand but
this is just not true with the correct
education it can be very easy to learn
about options options are much more
versatile and stocks
with stocks you can basically buy or
sell assets and that's it
but with options you can choose between
every direction imaginable there are
literally hundreds if not thousands of
different option strategies to use for
every scenario imaginable you can make
money and move up or move down and no
moves on small moves and even on moves
to specific prices let's sum things up
with options you can control big-name
stocks without actually owning them so
don't need much capital start with
additional options give you endless
possible
is to make money in every market
imaginable with these different
strategies it can be much easier to
predict the markets correctly but
remember the key to success for
everything including options is
education without education and options
you won't come very far I own an
educational option trading website that
offers 100% free education for every
skill group to check it out visit my
website at trade options with me calm